# README.md Generator!

## Description

This is a README.md generator that runs through NodeJS. This application will produce for the user, a formatted README.md file which includes information based on user input. When the user runs the application, they will be presented with a series of prompts which will require user input, user confirmation, and user selections.

This project was created to streamline the process of creating your README. In fact, this README you are currently reading was generated by this program!

The project was built using node through VS Code.

## Installation

To run this application, first make sure that you have installed NodeJS and then clone the README Generator repository to your local computer and make sure to install all of the required packages and dependencies by running 'npm i' in the root directory of the cloned repository.

## Usage

Confirm that you are in the root directory of your repository and run the command 'node index.js'. This will run the application and begin to prompt the user for questions. If you plan to add an image from a directory you have an image folder in the root directory of the project, be sure to add '../' when listing the path as the generated readme will NOT be in the root directory of the project.

When your README has been generated, please be sure to check the 'generatedReadme' folder for your README. This README file is NOT the generated one.

Below you will find a video example of how this application functions.

!(#video)

## Contributing

There are a few features that would increase functionality of this application, like the ability to add more photos, more license options, and code refracturing.

## Tests

There are a couple features worth mentioning:

- Sections: The user will be able to select from 4 different sections to include in their README.
  - Install
  - Usage
  - Contributing
  - Tests
- Table of Contents
  - Confirming that you would like to include a Table of Contents will take the above selections and return a list of links that, when clicked, will take you to the corresponding section of your README!

## Questions

GitHub Repo: [README Generator!](https://github.com/tguy5837/readme-generator)

### Contact me:

GitHub: [tguy5837](https://github.com/tguy5837)

Email: [tguy5837@gmail.com](mailto:tguy5837@gmail.com)
